# Meeting 160217

#### Participants
* Gabriel Alpsten
* Daniel Eineving
* Simon Petersson

## General information

## Agenda
### 1. Evaluation
Evaluate our process on this Friday, if everyone is with us.
* How do we think the documentation work?
* Communication.

### 2. Half time
* Look up what is required for a halftime presentation. 
* 10 minutes presentation, two people
* Decide latest this Friday

## Todo
### Everyone
* Continue to code.
### Name
