# Meeting 160203

#### Participants
* Gabriel Alpsten
* Daniel Eineving
* Martin Nilsson
* Simon Petersson

## General information
## Agenda
### 1. Project diary
* We will divide the entries such that there is one header per person
* Every individual is responsible for writing their own diary
* We will also have a general header that will contain information that regards the general work in the group. The decisions we've made during the week, the week we've done during the week and more.

### 2. Planning report
* We will work on the planning report during this Friday.
* We want to have a draft finished by this Friday.

### 3. Supervision from Fackspråk
* Martin will check what our possibilities are. Do we want to use one of our sessions for the planning report?

## Todo
#### Daniel
- Catch up from Monday
- Look up Pert-chart

#### Gabriel
- Make car steering

#### Martin
- Make simulation
- Mail Fackspåck regarding booking.

#### Simon
- Webpage adjustment for project diary (many files)

