# Meeting 160219

#### Participants
* Gabriel Alpsten
* Daniel Eineving
* Martin Nilsson
* Simon Petersson

## General information
Grid in data (Gabriel)
Gabriel has implemented the track sampling but haven't tested it properly yet. The track overlapping test causes some performance issues, and should be improved.

## Agenda

### 1. Evaluation
* How are we feeling?
Simon is feeling good generally. 

Daniel thinks it works well, we are making progress. Daniel will try to interrupt people less.

* Process around documentation?

Simon thinks we need to work more on the documentation and get started with the report writing. 

Martin & Daniel thinks we need to improve the documentation around research. We also need to read more.

Daniel thinks we should write more in the diary, especially the personal part. 

* Roles so far?

Simon thinks the roles work. Martin as well. 

Daniel doesn't find the role of project leader very challenging. 
Daniel should follow up tasks more, which will require some more specific tasks. 
Also remember to follow up research and documentation writing etc.
Write task list for the regular tasks

* Fika 
Everybody seems to be content with the system, nobody dares to say otherwise.

### 2. Half time presentation
* Book slot
* Process?
* What to demo
10 minutes. 


### 3. Architecture
Design suggestion (Gabriel)
Refactorisation.

Gabriel had an idea: We have an interface for the AI within the simulation. We could also factor out the data collection to a callback function. 

### 4. Next week
Training algorithm, experiments

## Todo
Training algorithm
 - Need to come up with how to do it first
 - Fitness function. Something else than result from simulation?
 - Sources
   a) MarI/O source code (Martin)
   b) Reinforcement learning, Shimon ... (Daniel)
   c) Optimise weights, find source (Gabriel)
   d) 
   
### Everyone
* Optimise the track intersection/overlapping function.
* Book room Simon

### Name
#### Daniel 
* Continue working on evolving network design and test