# Meeting 160304

#### Participants
* Gabriel Alpsten
* Daniel Eineving (Skype)
* Martin Nilsson
* Simon Petersson

## General information

Gabriel has found some relevant papers related to the NEAT paper. See document with list of papers.

## Agenda

### 1. Self evaluation.
#### Martin
Thinks that we are in a good place right now. We are almost half way through the project, and so is the development of our project. We should stay on the path that we are currently taking.

#### Simon:
Agrees with Martin in general. Maybe we should consider extending the PERT chart.

#### Gabriel:
There will probably be more experiments in the future. We should learn more, from literature and from experimenting.

#### Daniel:
Thinks we're in a good spot, but that we need to start focus on the report from now on.
Thinks we are going in a good direction, but I think it is good if we specify it even more.
No radical changes, just tweak them to make them more specific.

### Summary
#### Where are we?
We are in a good place at the moment. We are halfway through the project and we have come far in our development process. We have done all the setup parts and we have gotten some results.

#### Where are we going?
We need to start working on the report in order to be ready for the mandatory supervision meetings. We should also in the coming days develop a new PERT chart, in order to have a clear path towards progress.

#### Should we change any plans, goals etc?
We should modify the project title and define the problem more specifically.

### Today
Martin continues on GUI rendering
Simon will read litterature and start optimizing the simulator and threading the evaluation
Daniel continues on load/save networks
Gabriel will read litterature.

## Todo

### Work on GUI
Martin.

### Optimize simulator and create threads in trainer
Simon.

### Save and load networks
Daniel.
