# Meeting 160422

#### Participants
* Gabriel Alpsten
* Daniel Eineving
* Martin Nilsson
* Simon Petersson

## General information


## Agenda

### 1. Decision regarding Prasad
* Supervision most crucial for report and presentation. So a meeting (or two) with Broberg would be sufficient. We have now a quite clear view of what we need to do and what our last steps in the development process are. 
* Daniel will have the mail consporance. 

### 2. Tempo going forward

### 3. Code style and bug fixes
We should start using containers for pointers in order to avoid having to manually delete pointers and thus avoiding deleting them when not appropriate.

## Todo

### Task 1

### Task 2
